---
title: "Post inicial"
date: 2024-03-27T17:09:16+01:00
draft: false
slug: "initial-post"
tags:
 - random
 - personal
language: "en"
---
Welcome to my first post in this small corner of the internet. The truth is, I’m writing these opening lines without a very clear idea of what I want to convey or discuss, but I think that’s exactly what defines a first post.

A blog or a personal posts page, as I see it, is about presenting content and offering viewpoints in a personal way that reflects or gets close to the author. I want to clarify that, in this case, it’s not an AI (or maybe it is, but you'll have to trust me). In fact, the blog is titled “Albert’s Odyssey”, named after my relationship with the modern world, which is moving toward more impersonal times, where we no longer know whether the information we find online was created by a human or by a model generated by a big tech corporation.

I want the closeness with which I express my ideas to always be appreciated, ideas that come from my own will, with all my incoherencies and contradictions, which, as a person, I may have—but ultimately, they are what define my being. The only aspect I’ll rely on to write about an LLM is to translate blog posts from my main language into English. So, if you’re reading this in English, know that I didn’t type out each letter by hand, but rather an LLM translated it for me and chose the best words. Always, of course, with my final verification to avoid any possible mistakes (so now I can’t be blamed for any errors in the English version :p).

I’m going to try to use this to improve my writing skills and keep a diary on the web about all the projects or technical knowledge I’m working on and developing. These might relate to my professional work as a computer engineer, as well as to my personal projects outside of work, which I prefer to be more hands-on, whether it's 3D printing, electronic components, microcontrollers, or other tech gadgets that catch my attention.
